(feat) Add rust language updates (#14)
accordproject/concerto-docs: docs/reference/codegen/rust.md

---
id: codegen-rust
title: Rust
---

An open-source programming language supported by the Rust Foundation.

```base
concerto compile --model test.cto --target rust
```

## Sample Output

```
use serde::{ Deserialize, Serialize };
use chrono::{ DateTime, TimeZone, Utc };
   
use crate::concerto_1_0_0::*;
use crate::utils::*;
   
#[derive(Debug, Serialize, Deserialize)]
pub struct Person {
   #[serde(
      rename = "$class",
   )]
   pub _class: String,
   
   #[serde(
      rename = "email",
   )]
   pub email: String,
   
   #[serde(
      rename = "dob",
      skip_serializing_if = "Option::is_none",
      serialize_with = "serialize_datetime_option",
      deserialize_with = "deserialize_datetime_option",
   )]
   pub dob: Option<DateTime<Utc>>,
}
```

## Options

None.

## Limitations

1. Concerto references (e.g. `--> Organization shipper`) will need to be manually resolved in Rust, if the underlying `struct` needs to fully evaulated.

> 2. Only supports Concerto models up to version 3.8.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Supported in `@accordproject/concerto-codegen` v3.8.0 and above
```

Author: Actually, not above 3.8.0 as the Rust Visitor doesn't know how to handle all the latest funky stuff that has recently been added to the CTO syntax. What's the best way of describing this?

Reviewer: Hmm, so Map Declarations haven't yet been released so we can ignore those. 

There's string length validation?
> 2. Rust code generation doesn't support length validation on String fields

Author: Not yet.  I'll change it to say that then.
